All right, here is the solution to exercise 64 where you are asked to replace the break statement with
another thing so that you get.
Hello.
Hi.
Printed out repeatedly. And so I replaced this with pass however, so let me try this.
Hello.
Hi.
And so on. However you can another expression here which is not a break expression.
So if you did for example one plus one you'd get the same result
because what's happening is while true which is always true print hello if two is greater than one.
It is greater than one. Just do one plus one.
Don't print anything.  Don't assign anything. Just do an operation. And then
the operation is done and then Python goes to the next line and it prints,
so it doesn't break the loop.
However if you pass pass that means just go to the next line.
You know nothing to see here go to the next line.
So pass is a nice piece of a statement that you can use some time.
This is about the solution.
And I'll talk to you later.
Thanks.